In this lecture, we are going to set up our API Gateway project and we are going to configure routes
for our user micro services.
Again, we'll use the spring initialize to generate API.
Gateway Project will use Mavin as a bolt automation tool.
Again, Java as the language and version two point three point two is the latest table release version
at the time of the recording.
Change the group name to come the spring bank again.
For the artifact name, we can simply call it API hyphen Gateway, and then let's give a description,
something such as API Gateway Project.
Change it to job 14 and then we'll add only a single dependancy, the spring cloud Gateway Dependancy
click on Generate.
I'm going to move the downloaded API Gateway project to where my other exercise files or you can basically
extract in the same directory where user management MICRA services are located.
Go ahead and open your idee.
Now, the first thing we're going to do is to open up the XML file that you can see all our dependencies,
amongst others, the sprinklered start a gateway dependency.
Let's give our API gateway a proper version, 1.0 point zero.
And then in A.J., you can simply right.
Click on the name and click on ADD as Mavin project.
Now go over to the resources directory, delete the application or properties file.
And then we are going to add an application that waymouth so create a new file and call it application
dot, why?
Well, there are two ways in which you can configure API Gateway routes with sprinklered Gateway either
by using Java base configuration to programmatically create routes or by using property based configuration.
For the sake of simplicity, we will configure our routes using property based configuration only.
Let's start by configuring a port for API Gateway.
They choose Port 2000 and then they configure routes which start with Spring Cloud Gateway,
and then we will start adding our routes.
Every route needs an ID.
So let's add an ID for our registered user API Gateway route, call it user CMD, API and register user,
then add the URAI.
This will basically be the Urai that we used to call the User Command API directly to register a user.
API forward slash, V1 forward slash registered user, and then we need to add a predicate
sprinklered gateway users predicates to match rudes as part of its spring web flux handler mapping infrastructure.
OK, let's copy our route and then we're going to create another route for updating a user.
Just change rageous to use it to update user.
Just make sure also that the indentation is correct.
Change raises the user there to update user and then add forward slash star star to ensure that everything
off to the forward slash from the predicate is translated into the URAI.
Copy that.
And let's create yet another route for removing a user, change that to remove user and update user
to remove users.
Well, they we can change it for the predicate as well.
And then finally, let's add a route for our query API.
And change that to put 882 and controller is usually look up, keep the forward slash star star for
everything because we have a few get a message the.
OK, now we've added all of our routes for our music military services, so let's go ahead and build
our project.
And everything should build successfully.